This package provide interpolated functions based on models from ccm_getModel.
It provides current functions or Jacobian matrix functions by two interfaces: 
  'ids_device': ids function
  'jac_device': jacobian function

It provides three interpolation methods for the current functions (Ids). 
  'lookup':   find the nearest grid point and use its value
  'linear':   find all neighbors and use bilinear interpolation.
  'coswin':   find all neighbors and use 'coswin window' interpolation.
              The 'coswin window' parameter is computed by interp_compWin function.
It supports both 'simu' and 'quad' models. 
The continuity of these interpolated functions are
           simu quad
  lookup   x      x
  linear   C^0   C^0
  coswin   C^n   C^n
NOTE: sometime, the difference between 'simu' and 'quad' models are visibly large

For the Jacobian matrix function (d/dt Ids), it uses the 'coswin' method for the Ids. 
(This is because 'linear' and 'lookup' are not C^1, therefore Jacobian is not C^0 by using them) 
It's also recommended to use 'quad' models. (For simu models with coswin interpolation, the Jacobian
is a linear combination of sin/cos functions, therefore, it always oscillates). 
See the 'interp_jacob' function for details.

It also provide numerical methods for Jacobian matrix that supports all interpolation methods 
NOTE, ususally the numerical method works (x for bad, v for good).
      lookup linear coswin
 simu   x      v     x
 quad   x      v     v
See the 'interp_jacob_num' function for details.
('lookup' is not continous, therefore, numerical results are usually bad. 'linear' is good. 
 'coswin' with simu models  suffers the same problem as above.)


NOTE: It requires the models must have the following informations: 
     data: model data for each grid 
     GRID: grid information
       v0: initial value for grid 0
       nv: number of grids
       dv: unit length of grids
     SIZE: circuit size
       len,wid: length and width
  	 META.type: 'simu' or 'quad' models
NOTE: the 'err' information in the model is ignored

NOTE: This package assumes the current function is linear with the size of the circuit (length/width) 
